Entertainment expenses tip number one,
bike rides and family picnics.
Go on a back ride or have a family picnic
instead of going out and seeing a movie with your kids.
They wanna spend time with you and it's free
versus a movie than can cost about $100
in some crazy places.
Including food, gas, parking, tickets, etc.
It's nutty.
Sorry to mention this next part but I gotta go there.
By the time your child is 12 years old,
you have already spent 90% of the time
you're gonna spend with them in their lives.
They grow up too fast, and it doesn't matter
how much money you have, you can't get that time back.
Separately, have you ever missed one of your kids' recitals
or a parent at school day.
If so do you even remember why you had to miss it?
I don't which is sad, but I do remember
missing one or two school events from my eldest son,
and nothing can be possibly more important
than spending time with your kids.
So just watch out for that.
Sorry I was a little bit off topic.
Entertainment expense tip number two,
bring your own drinks and your own food tip.
Bring your own candy bars and drinks
to entertainment events,
especially movies and when you go to the airport,
if allowable,
as prices of these stuff is way too expensive
when you go to movies, concerts, airport, etc.
So bring your own empty water bottle everywhere as well
as you can actually fill up your bottle for free at home,
obviously, or at water fountains.
Can you believe that we actually pay more money
in most countries for bottled water
than we do for gasoline, crazy.
Tip number three, buy used entertainment stuff.
Just like how a car depreciates the second you buy it
and drive it off the lot,
the same thing can be said for entertainment stuff,
like video games, books, movies, etc.
And so buy the music you can and then sell them used on eBay
when you're done with them.
Or if it's a movie, or a book, or music get it for free
if you can from the library,
instead of watching the movie the day it comes out,
or buying the hardcover version of the book.
Just wait a little bit of time,
you'll always save a lot more money.
Entertainment expense tip number four,
cancel subscriptions tip.
Please cancel all magazine subscriptions
as you can read most articles online,
and magazines are so out of date
as social media basically reports live news now.
Did you know that you can not only get the latest magazines
for free to read at libraries and many places,
but also books and DVDs.
And many libraries have free Internet access as well,
of course.
And I actually find that Internet access
at the libraries is getting a lot better and extended,
it's actually faster than the one I have at my house.
In many places.
Especially if you go to South Korea.
If you go to Seoul, oh my God,
their libraries are off the charts
when it comes to Internet speed.
And there's no need to buy magazines or newspapers anymore.
Unless it's a health magazine
that you get in the mail monthly,
that influences you to exercise more.
Entertainment expense tip number five,
cook for them at home tip.
Cook more often and make it a fun family or friends event.
And I prefer watching sporting events at home with friends
when I have friends over,
because we can cook for them at home,
and it's just a lot cheaper and I love it,
you save a ton of money, you don't have to pay for parking,
expensive tickets, and you save time traveling too.
It can be a nightmare here, at least in San Francisco,
when it comes to traffic and then LA and other places.
You know what I'm talking about.
Entertainment expense tip number six,
cut the cord tip.
Most television stuff is cheaper online.
If you use cable
for just HBO,
then cut the cable and pay $10 per month
for HBO on your iPad,
and then stream it using Apple TV or Roku,
or an Amazon video device, for example, and if available.
And also with Netflix and Hulu,
you'll find that in many countries it can actually
replace your cable box entirely,
because the content is good enough
on those aforementioned two services, Netflix and Hulu.
And I know many people are gonna disagree with me,
because they wanna keep cable or satellite TV
because of sporting events.
But now you can watch a lot of sporting events online
by subscribing to apps online, like MLB for baseball, etc.
And YouTube actually is also a great longer-term alternative
as YouTube is getting much more aggressive
by competing with cable companies,
and competition we know is great for the consumer.
Tip number seven, drink at home first.
If you're younger and if you party a lot,
then drink at home first with your friends before going out.
You know, it's absolutely criminal
how much alcohol and non alcohol beverages cost at bars.